# Assignment 4 

 To obtain content, the browser has to request the proper images and documents that make up the web page. Relying on a programming language, like JavaScript, and its interpreters, like spidermonkey, chakra, V8, etc., it is used for the interactive logic and functionality of the web page. Not all web browsers operate with the same rendering engines, allowing the browsers to render differently but have the same flow. Regarding the rendering engine, it studies and assembles a content tree, or a document object model. DOM is a representation of the HTML document. The DOM tree consists of DOM nodes. Nodes are images, text box, buttons, an ordered list, etc. The format layout of the webpage and nodes are processed by the engine. When the page has the requests fulfilled and the browser has finished loading, the browser will be marked as interactive, allowing the user to interact with the nodes, or webpage. HTML is the most well-known internet language and is the foundation and structure of the page. XML allows for the specific content in the page to be updated without refreshing the page. XHTML integrates HTML and XML, following XML rules, allowing for small problems from the HTML, to be fixed. The four elements your HTML page needs is a document type, root element, head element, and the body element. Document type lets the browser processor know what type of HTML document it is. The root element determines the elements for the webpage. The head elements contains the processing information and document metadata. Lastly, the body document refers to the all the content and data that is up for display on the webpage. It is most likely that every website will have a master HTML file, or the index. The index is the start of your homepage. Some of the best naming practices are considering the folder that contains website ss a suitcase, staying organized, no spaces or funky characters, using lowercase, and don’t begin namng files with a numerical symbol. 